We've only got a
few minutes, guys, let's go.
Ah!
Is it bad tonight?
Oh, bad?
That's one way to describe it.
Uh, insane seems a
little more appropriate.
It feels like he's
breathing down my neck, man.
It is my professional opinion
we should get the hell out of here.
Now.
Noted.
Clean this place up and
then locate our guests.
Oh!
Ah!
I just need to take the edge off.
You know the routine.
I need you clearheaded.
First things first.
Now, where is he?
Uh...
Show me where he's hiding.
You son of a bitch!
You said he only killed 9 people.
There's 40 victims here!
9 when he was alive.
He's added a few since then.
Now where is he, Dennis?
All teams go to Alpha.
Bring in the cube!
So how'd this guy get
this name, "The Breaker?"
What is he, a truck driver?
Simple folklore.
The local color exorcizing its demons.
Or maybe it's because he broke his victims
into as many pieces as possible.
I hate being rushed.
This one isn't like the others.
Then I'll give you a bonus.
You don't have that kind of money.
After tonight you'll be surprised.
Now, get to work.
Careful, Dennis!
Don't... get too curious.
No!
Son of a bitch!
How can you possibly justify
what you're doing, Cyrus?
It's out and out slavery!
I'll give you this,
Damon, you are persistent.
And what about you, Kalina?
Still carrying around those
ridiculous quicksilver flares?
You still have that quaint magical book?
These aren't animals you're capturing!
They're human beings!
They are dead human beings.
Maybe you should join Greenpeace.
Throw blood on old women's furs.
Who are you to play God?
Playing is for children.
You'll never pull it off.
Not without the right spells.
That, and the thirteenth ghost.
The thirteenth ghost?
Get them out of my sight!
We've wasted too much time already.
All right, let's go!
Move!
Why'd he say thirteenth?
Move the cube into position.
What's he talking about, 13 ghosts?
You contracted me for 12 ghosts!
The Breaker is 12!
I'm done after tonight, Cyrus!
Yes, 12 and then one more.
I thought you were psychic!
That's not how it works and you know it!
There's no time to argue.
Release the bait!
What bait?
We never needed bait before!
A truck full of blood?
You've got to be shitting me.
Oh, boy!
Now.
Power up the cube.
Start transmitting.
Come.
Come!
Oh, God!
Help me!
Oh, shit!
Ah!
God!
No!
Hey, hey!
Put him down!
Hey! Hey!
Ah!
Hey, Cyrus.
I hope you're happy.
You've got your 12 now.
Help me!
He's dying!
Hang on, Damon!
Somebody help!
God damn you, Cyrus!
Somebody help me, please!
Help me!
Do something!
Oh.
Oh, Cyrus.
Oh, God.
Oh, Cyrus, oh...
Swing me!
Come on, Bobby.
Come on, Kathy!
Faster!
Here, let me get your arms.
Come on, Kathy, try to drag me.
You're the best little brother!
Oh, I love you.
Come on, let's go!
Come on.
I'm going to get you!
Let's play, come on!
Kathy!
Look at those two.
She's got him on the run now,
but before you know it,
he's going to be picking her up
and throwing her over his shoulder.
They're perfect.
Watch, watch them.
Watch them.
They really love this place.
I love you, you know that?
Surprise!
Ah, my heart!
My heart!
Happy birthday, Dad!
Happy birthday!
Happy birthday, Arthur.
Dad, here's my present.
We love you! Make a wish!
Blow out the candles.
What did you wish for?
I love you.
Ah, I love you, too.
What's that?
Why is the smoke alarm on?
It's the fire alarm.
I'll get the kids, you
call the fire department.
Dad! Help, Mom!
Get the kids.
Mom! Dad!
Get the kids!
Mom!
Dad! Help me!
Dad, come on!
Where's your mom?
Where is she?
I don't know where Mom is!
Bobby, come on, we have to get out!
Oh, my God!
Jean!
Mom's still in the house.
Dad, we can't leave her here!
Mom!
Jean!
Bobby, go outside!
Just wait outside now!
Jean!
You can't go back in there, sir.
I'm sorry, sir.
She didn't make it.
I should have gone back in.
We are gathered here today
to honor the memory and
life's work of Jean Kriticos,
a devoted mother and loving wife
who was too quickly taken from this life.
Jean, you will be forever
missed, but never forgotten.
I miss you, Mom.
God, why did
you have to leave us?
I can't do this without you.
I don't want you to go.
God, Mom, I love you so much.
Please watch over us.
I'll love you always.
Dad, it's...
Um, it's almost 8:30.
Shake a leg or you'll
miss your first class.
Today on "Death in America,"
cancer rates are down,
but suicide is sky-high.
We have a special treat for you today.
A body was found this
morning dec-olop-olated.
Hey, hey, hey.
Decapitated.
Bobby, honey, find a healthier hobby.
Leave me alone, you guys, I'm recording.
'Morning, everybody.
Mm, something smells interesting.
Dad they found a guy without
a head behind Dunkin' Donuts.
Oh, I love Dunkin' Donuts.
Ow, shit!
Kathy, Kathy.
Why don't you let Maggie
make the breakfast for once?
Honey, that's why we hired her.
Dad, have you tasted Maggie's cooking?
Well, yeah, just that one time.
Hey, I heard that.
Hell, I cook better than you.
Look, we have to
try to get along here, okay?
Okay.
Dad, will you tell Kathy
that keeping a record of death is healthy?
Kathy...
Keeping a record
of death is healthy.
Yeah, yeah.
Because she's being
a real slut about it.
Bobby!
Don't call your sister a slut.
Thank you, Maggie.
I prefer the term bitch.
See, sluts are girls with loose sex...
Hey, ho, Mr. Edgar Allan Poe,
did you do your homework?
Because Mr. Peterson's been...
Ah!
Damn it!
Bobby that's the third time
I've tripped on that stupid scooter!
Sorry.
If we had a bigger place,
we wouldn't have this problem.
Well, we don't have a
big place anymore, do we?
It's the best I can do for now,
so let's just all try and
keep our shit off the floor.
All right?
Now, Bobby, put away
the damn tape recorder.
Can you do that for me?
And get ready for school.
I'm sorry, Dad.
Ah, God!
Must be the lawyer.
I forgot.
Lawyer? What lawyer?
I thought our credit was all cleaned up.
No, no, I don't think it's about that.
Dad, they won't make
us move again, will they?
It's gonna be all right.
Whatever it is, we'll deal with it.
Mr. Kriticos?
That's right and you're uh?
I'm Ben Moss.
Moss.
How do you do?
Please, come in.
Is uh, now a good time, or...
Ah, as good a time as any.
Please, just give me one minute, will you?
Okay.
Sorry, I'm ready.
Uh, I represent the estate
of your uncle, Cyrus Kriticos.
We have an Uncle Cyrus?
Uh, had.
I uh, only met him a
couple of times as a kid.
He wasn't too popular.
My dad said he squandered
the family fortune.
We have a family fortune?
Well, no, Cyrus squandered it.
Hey, Bobby, isn't that great?
You got a late uncle.
What is he late for?
His next birthday.
You mean he's dead?
Now we get his attention.
Pipe down.
Cyrus recorded this
message six weeks ago.
He asked that it be played for you
in the event of his death.
Arthur.
It's good to talk to you.
Sadly, if you're watching this now,
it means I am no longer among the living.
Happily, that makes you and your family
my sole beneficiaries.
I've instructed my lawyer, Mr. Moss,
to deliver the essential elements
in my last will and testament.
Give it to them, Ben.
A key?
A key to what?
A key to your new house.
What?
This house is the
fruit of my life's work.
Bathrooms.
Bathrooms!
Everyone gets their own bathrooms!
Is this for real?
It is a one of a kind home.
It's my home, actually.
My home.
I have no complaints.
I've led an interesting life.
I have seen some amazing things.
But the only regret I have
is that I never got to
know my nephew, Arthur,
nor appreciate the love
of a family like you have.
Dad!
This house is my attempt
to make up for that.
Enjoy.
Perhaps we'll meet again
in another life.
Wow!
When can we see it?
The house is yours whenever you like.
Actually, I'm heading up there after work.
If you want, you, your
wife, and kids can...
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Time out.
I am not the missus here.
Uh, my wife, uh...
My wife is...
Our mom got burned to death in a fire.
Bobby!
What?
It's true.
That's enough, Robert.
Mr. Moss, uh, just exactly
where is this place?
Just a couple
hours drive from here.
A town called Willow
Grove, just up the parkway.
It's in a gorgeous area,
but I have to warn you,
your uncle liked his privacy.
There isn't a neighbor for miles.
Come on, hurry up.
S-U-F...
Suffocate!
I got it!
I win!
Ah, so what, so what?
You think you're so slick.
Come on, you guys, we're almost there.
Excited?
Yeah.
Mom would have freaked over this.
Oh, yeah.
Looks like things are
starting to get better.
Right?
Yeah.
♪ "Excess" by Tricky Playing ♪
♪ I believe in ♪
♪ I deceive in ♪
♪ Bottom weaving ♪
♪ I can breathe in ♪
♪ Make a wish in ♪
♪ Flower fishing ♪
♪ Moving vibration ♪
♪ Mild relation ♪
♪ I'm Jamaican on your radio station ♪
♪ Got a curse and it ♪
♪ Could be worse ♪
♪ Underground like ♪
♪ Who you sound like ♪
♪ You don't sound the same ♪
♪ And you don't know my name ♪
♪ I believe in people lying ♪
♪ I believe in people dying ♪
♪ I believe in people trying ♪
♪ I believe in people crying ♪
♪ I believe in people balking ♪
♪ I believe in people talking ♪
♪ I believe in people breathing ♪
♪ I believe in people being ♪
♪ Keep living ♪
♪ We all sound the same ♪
♪ You don't know my name ♪
♪ Rearrange and ♪
♪ Things they'll change ♪
♪ Things remain ♪
♪ Feel the strain ♪
♪ Stress ♪
♪ Catch my breath ♪
♪ Get some rest ♪
♪ From the mess ♪
♪ Couldn't care less ♪
♪ Sugar cane is like smack to my vein ♪
♪ Shook fame but I don't complain ♪
♪ I believe in people balking ♪
That's strange.
♪ I believe in people talking ♪
Whoa, Dad, it's beautiful!
Oh, my God.
I've never seen anything like it.
Cool!
So futur-oic.
Oh, hey!
It's about time somebody showed up.
Is this your place?
Mm-hmm.
Who are you?
I'm the power guy.
Ah, don't touch.
Look, you probably don't know this,
but your house is knocking out the power
of the whole tri-quad area.
I need to get inside
and check the breakers.
Could you come back tomorrow?
Is that maybe a possibility?
Oh, tomorrow?
Yeah.
Let me see.
Oh, there's about 5570 houses
right now without power.
My bosses kind of frown on that, so...
Right, well, that's not
really our problem, is it?
Look, buddy, I've been doing
this job about three weeks.
Is there any way you can
give me a break here?
Sure.
No problem.
Thank you!
Mr?
Kriticos, Arthur Kriticos.
It's quite a place you got.
Yeah.
Yeah!
We're moving in.
Well, one step at a time.
That's odd.
Dad, you broke it.
Bobby, give it a rest.
Hello.
Wow, you can
see right through it.
Huh.
You guys couldn't afford any walls?
How weird.
Guess Uncle Cyrus wasn't
too keen on privacy.
I sure hope the
bathroom's in the basement.
Oho!
It's like a fun house.
It's Latin.
Everything's so beautiful.
Uh, family, just so we all clear,
Miss Maggie does not do windows, okay?
Wow!
What an incredible wealth of knowledge.
A samurai sword!
Bobby,
in your dreams, pal.
Dad, this stuff must be worth a fortune.
Yeah, that occurred to me, too.
Oh, Cyrus.
You crazy son of a bitch, what did you do?
Goodness.
It's like a cathedral.
All right, first rule:
No throwing stones.
It's marvelous, though, isn't it?
A living work of art.
The sooner you show me
where you hid the basement,
the sooner I can get
my ass out of here.
I believe it's down the hall.
It's two doors on the right.
- Excuse me.
- Mm-hmm.
The construction is amazing.
I'm getting dizzy.
Bobby!
Don't touch anything.
Okay?
At least until we get
some property insurance.
Arthur, we've got some
papers to sign in the library.
After that, I would love
to take you and your family
on a tour of the house.
Great, great.
I don't want you guys
to move from this spot.
We'll be right back.
Dad, you're being
paranoid and overprotective.
Yeah, of all this stuff.
I know you guys too well.
Stay right here.
I mean it.
Huh?
What the...
Where'd you hide your money, old man?
Oh, shit!
What the hell was that?
Oh!
Oh, no.
Oh, Cyrus.
Oh!
All right, now I know I'm dreaming.
Okay.
Was Cyrus a hunter?
You could say that.
Oh, your uncle was quite a
collector of many things, he...
Oh!
I've marked where you're
supposed to sign, Arthur.
Right here would be great.
Okay, look, uh...
I didn't want to bring this
up in front of the kids,
But uh...
Well, this place is beyond amazing.
I'm just a math teacher and uh,
the taxes alone must be...
I have nothing set aside and uh...
Well, to be honest, a
fire took away everything.
Arthur, you don't need to worry.
Cyrus was a genius when
it came to finances.
Basically, you and your
family don't ever have to
worry about money again.
You son of a bitch.
Oho!
Lookie here.
Look, y'all!
Look, look, look, look, look!
Whoa!
Whoa, Bobby!
Sign.
Arthur?
Arthur, we gotta...
Arthur, we have to talk.
What is the deal with the breakers?
There's nothing wrong with the breakers.
I'm not the power guy.
My name is Dennis Rafkin.
You're Dennis Rafkin?
Who's Dennis Rafkin?
My office warned me
about this guy, Arthur...
I know that it's gonna
sound completely whacked,
all right, but just stay with me.
I used to hunt displaced spiritual
energies with your uncle.
I'm sorry?
Uh, uh, PK agents.
Revenants, uh, like, wraiths.
Wraiths.
Do you have any idea
what I'm talking about?
Uh.
That's okay, that's okay.
Ghosts.
Arthur, I used to...
I used to hunt ghosts
with your Uncle Cyrus.
Goats?
Ghosts!
Ghosts, goddamn it!
Listen to me!
Race you to the end of the hall.
Uh-uh, Bobby, I don't
think this is the place for...
Come on, slowpoke, what you doing?
I know that ain't the best you got, man.
My grandma scoot better than that.
You're like a girl.
Ghosts as in, as in,
as in disgruntled
spirits trapped on Earth.
Ghosts, you know?
Ghosts right.
As in Halloween. Boo!
As in Demi Moore and
"Unchained Melody," right?
Ghosts.
Ghosts. Right.
Okay, I get it.
I get it, I'm scared.
I'm scared.
Don't laugh at me.
Don't laugh.
Look, I'll explain everything
as soon as you get you
and your children outside.
What's taking you so long?
Out of my way.
I don't think
scouting is your game, boy.
Come on, Maggie.
I won.
Oh, you cheated!
That wasn't fair, I didn't get a start.
Got to be on your toes, man.
This has to be my room!
There are toys everywhere.
Wonder what my room's gonna look like.
I'm now entering
the coolest room in the house.
I'll be in here.
Wow.
This place is awesome!
Look, Cyrus has containment
cubes all over the basement
and I don't know why they're here,
I don't know why he brought 'em here
and I am not staying around to find out!
So if I were you...
Well, he isn't you.
This guy has been harassing my office
since your uncle died, okay?
I see this all the time, Arthur.
Some rich guy passes away
and then all the nuts come out!
The next thing you know he'll be claiming
that Cyrus owed him money or...
He did owe me money!
He owed me a shitload of money!
These are some funky looking specs here.
Hmm.
What do you think?
I look cool or what?
Let me see!
Ah! Not so fast.
You gotta cater to my ego first.
Maggie is the best
babysitter you've ever had.
Come on!
All right.
I'm getting my ass out
of the big glass house!
Grab your children, do the same!
Are you all right?
Jean!
No!
We're gonna get you some help, okay?
We're gonna get you some help.
Don't touch me.
Oh, my God!
Mm!
We have struck gold.
Easy.
Don't.
Okay.
How's your head?
Not good.
Where's the suit?
Power guy.
Idiot.
Whoa, cool!
Better have a pair of those in my room.
Hey, Bobby, where you going?
What are you staring at?
Hey, kiddo.
He thinks I'm gonna duck.
Hey.
Nice tits.
Oh, geez!
You!
What's the matter, honey?
Bad representation?
Hello!
Not bad for an hourly wage.
It's time to leave.
I'll take your word for it.
Kathy?
Come on, this way.
Shit!
What the hell?
Kathy!
Maggie!
Bobby!
Hey.
I uh...
I was just kidding before.
Little lawyer humor.
Kathy?
Hey, Bobby!
I don't believe it.
Believe what?
Bob...
I told them not to leave this spot.
They're kids, what do you expect?
Yeah.
Yeah, thank you, Dr. Phil.
You check downstairs, I'll look up.
Bobby, come on!
It's time to go!
Kathy?
Where are you guys?
Bobby!
Bobby.
Kathy!
What are you doing up here?
I told you to wait downstairs.
Yeah, but Dad, come on.
- This bathroom's unbelievable!
- Yes.
Yes, great house, beautiful bathroom.
Now, where is your brother?
He's with Maggie, I don't...
Uh, was with Maggie.
We were racing and we
saw all the glass and...
Oh, that's good.
No, you're supposed to watch him.
See, that's what I pay you for.
Bobby.
Down here.
Maggie?
Come on down and play.
Is that you?
Maggie!
Stop playing games.
Bobby?
I have something for you.
We'll have lots of fun, Bobby.
Don't come down, Bobby.
Stay upstairs.
Don't follow her.
Down here, Bobby.
Bobby, don't come down, Bobby.
Bobby?
Around the corner.
Don't come down here!
That's it, Bobby.
You guys, I'm gonna tell Dad!
Bobby!
Okay, I'll find Bobby, but
I want you both out of here.
But Dad...
No buts!
I want you both to wait in the car
and I'll be out as soon as I find the kid.
Why are you freaking out?
Kathy, just this once,
don't argue with me.
What happened to the door?
What's going on?
I thought there was a door here.
Son of a bitch!
I cannot believe this!
I'm going to have to break it down.
All right, back away!
Ah!
That's quite dramatic,
but you're wasting your
time, it's all sealed up.
Weren't you in an orange jumpsuit?
Don't go there.
What do you mean, it's all sealed up?
What part of that code are
you having trouble cracking?
The entire house is sealed up.
Well, there must be another way out.
I've looked.
Well, we're gonna look again,
right after we find my son.
Now, get up.
That's all right, I'll wait right here.
Listen,
I don't know what the
hell is going on here.
I really don't know who the hell you are.
And my son is missing.
So until those questions are answered,
I'm not letting you out of my sight.
Now, get up!
All right.
Breathe.
Did the lawyer split?
Bobby.
Come on, guys, stop hiding!
Bobby!
Come on out now, pal!
Robert, stop screwing around!
Hey, glass family Robinson,
you're wasting your breath.
This is Ectobar glass.
He's not gonna hear you.
See, this is shatterproof and soundproof.
So what are these?
That's a little harder to explain.
Uh, they're containment spells.
See, ghosts can't cross those.
Ghosts?
Yes, ghosts.
See, the supernatural realm
has its own set of laws.
For ghosts, it's spells.
Either written or spoken,
ghosts have to obey
whatever the spells say.
Bobby.
The entire basement
is filled with ghosts.
In this basement?
Of course, in this basement.
What is it with you people?
If it was next door, I
wouldn't give a shit!
Dad!
I can prove it.
Hey, I gave a pair of those to Bobby.
Spectral viewers.
You can see the ghosts with these.
Bobby, come on.
Hey, Bobby!
I don't see any ghosts.
Because they're locked downstairs.
Dad!
There's more of this crazy
spell shit on the floor.
Dad!
Bobby!
Let me see those.
Come on out, pal!
Oh, hidden barrier spells?
You gotta be kidding me.
Bobby!
Why would he need more protection?
All right, that's enough.
This is not helping.
I want you to do me a favor
and stop with all the
haunted house nonsense, okay?
At least until we find the kid
and figure a way out of here.
Bobby, come on.
I don't know where he could be.
Wait, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Wait! No!
What are you doing?
What did I just say?
Did I just say there was
a petting zoo downstairs?
No!
There are ghosts downstairs, Arthur.
Right, right, right right.
But you also said that
they're all locked up.
Right?
No. No way.
Now, come here!
Wait, wait.
Listen.
I'll uh, I'll make a deal with you.
I'll pay you whatever Cyrus owed you
if you just help me
find my son.
Unbelievable.
Get out of my way.
Okay.
Bobby.
Get out of the basement.
You need to go upstairs.
You need to put on those glasses.
Bobby.
That's it.
That's a good boy.
Bobby.
Go upstairs and find your father.
Mom?
Go on!
Go upstairs!
Go find Kathy.
Watch out.
Bobby, come on!
Bobby!
You don't have to scream, all right?
Just chill.
Uh, this way.
Hold on.
Hold on, listen to me.
This is gonna take forever.
This place is just too big.
Okay.
Kathy and I'll head up this way.
You two check down there.
No, I don't think we should split up.
- We should stay together.
- It's okay.
It's okay.
Just go in a straight line, turn around.
We'll meet back here in five.
Five.
Five minutes.
Back here.
Okay, go ahead.
And don't touch anything!
I don't want to go with him.
Go ahead.
Wait a second, let's
go back to the ghost thingy.
There are
ghosts in the basement.
If you don't believe me, go
ahead and look for yourself.
I told you, I can't see any ghosts.
What the hell?
Give me those.
Let me see.
Why are these open?
I was down here before.
They weren't open.
Oh, God!
I hate it when they do that!
Do what?
They wait for you to stick your face
right up against the glass
and then give you a big fat boo!
Don't do that!
God!
You see it?
It's, it's...
A ghost!
It's a ghost!
Just like I've been saying all night!
Finally, a believer!
Thank you, oh Lord Jesus.
There are ghosts around us all the time.
Most of them, they can't hurt us.
Most of them don't even want to hurt us.
A little ghost here, a little
ghost there, no one cares.
But there are exceptions,
like this bad-ass behind me.
The ones who die a violent
death stay in a tortured realm
and so violence is all they know.
What is he doing?
I don't know.
I can't see.
I don't have the glasses.
Okay, I've had it with this.
It's time to go now.
Now!
- Don't touch me.
- Please!
Don't touch me, don't touch me.
Come on.
Let's go!
Will you come on?
Come on, ghost boy, move your ass!
It's time to go!
Dad, slow down.
Bobby?
We're going to get lost.
Dad.
Listen to me.
He's gonna be okay.
We're gonna find him.
So ready to leave this place.
Oh.
Oh, boy.
What?
Uh, that's the symbol of The Jackal.
What's The Jackal?
The Jackal is the
Charlie Manson of ghosts.
And if The Jackal's out, screw the kid.
We've got to get out of this basement.
Maybe Rafkin was right.
I mean, maybe there really are...
Kathy!
Think about what you're saying.
There's no such thing as ghosts.
Kathy!
What is it?
I can't see it!
Tell me where it is!
Get off!
Hold on!
Stay with me!
Get off me!
Come on, pull!
Who the hell are you?
Never mind, just pull, goddammit!
Oh, shit!
Don't, don't speak.
- Why?
- Don't move.
What?
Somehow we got behind enemy lines.
Oh my God!
Hurry!
Please, hurry!
Hey, little guy.
How?
I don't think you should
be teasing the ghosts.
Will you shut up?
You shut up!
You're the one who keeps pissing 'em off!
Go.
Go, go!
Go!
Maggie!
What?
Honey?
I don't know, just stop it!
Where?
I can't see shit without
the glasses, idiot!
Well, I can see
and I think you should go this way!
Go, go, go, go, go!
Shh.
It's all right.
It's all right now, I've got you.
Look at me.
Daddy.
Okay.
It's okay.
All right.
Who the hell are you
and what the hell was that?
My name's Kalina Oretzia.
I'm in the spirit reclamation business.
What?
I free trapped souls.
Cyrus has been...
Forget Cyrus and trapped
souls for a goddamn second.
What are you doing here?
Looks to me like I'm saving your ass.
Oh, my God!
It's over there!
It's still there!
Give him your glasses.
Come on!
Oh, my God.
Unbelievable.
Another one of Cyrus's victims.
I hope to God the barrier spells hold.
Victims?
Cyrus had a nasty
habit of enslaving souls.
That's why I'm here.
I intend to set them all free.
Listen to me.
I need to know how you got in here.
I slipped through an opening
in the house when it shifted.
An opening where?
Don't get your hopes
up, it's closed now.
It's not gonna happen again.
Let me show you.
This is the Arcanum.
Many people died in the
quest for this book.
It was written in the 15th Century
by an astrologer named Basileus.
In it, he describes the
making of a certain machine,
one that can see into the future.
He wrote it while he was
under demonic possession.
I can't believe Cyrus built it.
Built what?
What are you talking about?
Basileus's device.
We're in the middle of a
machine designed by the devil
and powered by the dead.
Listen to me.
I don't really give a
shit about any machine
or devil or Basileus or anything
except getting my family
the hell out of this place.
I came here to set the
souls in this house free.
You want help, you gotta help me first.
Kathy, can you walk?
Kathy!
Kathy?
Kathy! Oh, no!
This can't be happening!
Come on, we've got to get out of here.
I'm not going anywhere without my kids.
Try telling him that.
Come on.
This way.
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
Stairs!
Let's go.
Come on!
Go, go, go!
You go, go, go, go, go!
No, don't touch me!
The glasses, quick, the glasses!
You'll need these!
Catch!
Good job.
Sorry.
Oh, perfect, another dead end.
Okay, genius, we found the stairs.
How do we get to them?
Get away.
What?
What do we do now?
Get away.
Get away from the glass.
Why?
Just do it.
The glasses.
No!
Duck!
What?
- Move!
- Where?
Go left!
Do something, for Christ's sake!
We're running out of corridors here!
Duck!
All right, move!
It's there, move!
Here it is, here it is.
We've got to get to the library.
It's got spell protection all around it.
Okay.
Where is that from here?
Come on, come on.
Can I rely on you not to get me killed?
I guarantee nothing.
See anything?
Shh.
Anything?
No.
Okay.
Come on.
You know, I think
they're just downstairs.
Nothing.
Man, if we get out of this alive,
I've got to get a pay raise.
That's a big if.
Give me the flare.
Ah!
Oh...
What's wrong?
Come on, man, don't
start freaking out now.
Come on.
Okay.
What?
Shh.
Okay, what?
Shut up.
Give me the book.
Just back up.
Go slow.
Okay, okay.
I'm going slow.
Slow.
Go! Go! Go fast!
What the hell?
Who the hell?
What the hell are you doing here?
Ah, shit!
Hey, remember me?
- Arthur!
- Get him!
Get him, get him, get him!
Get him up!
Thanks for taking your time.
We've got to move down the hall.
We're gonna make a left and then a right.
Where are we going?
Trust me, okay?
Oh, Arthur?
Trust her, just trust her.
All right, we're going,
- let's go!
- Let's go!
Who the hell is she?
I'll explain her later.
Arthur, what happened to Kathy?
I don't know, she disappeared.
How do you lose an entire
family in a glass house?
Arthur!
Kalina, give me the flare!
Get him!
[Go] go! Go!
Arthur, get up!
This is not the time to be a girl!
Run, run, run, run, go!
Stop dragging your ass!
Go, go, go, go!
Now is not the time to sit around, Arthur!
Run!
Get the door!
Go, go, go!
Arthur, are you all right?
God, I don't wanna be here.
Fucking ghosts!
I hate this job.
They don't seem to like you, either.
I wonder why.
You got something to say, say it.
All right, let's start with
this is all your goddamn fault!
If you hadn't caught them,
we wouldn't be running
from them now, would we?
It's his uncle that
built the damn house!
Yeah, but you helped him!
How could you help him without
knowing what he was doing?
I had my reasons.
Money, you parasite!
You stole people's souls for money!
How depraved is that?
If you haven't noticed,
I'm a little bit of a freak!
I come within 10 feet of anything
dead, I go into seizures.
I touch somebody and a
whole life full of shit
just flashes in front of my eyes.
All right, so yeah, I'm depraved.
And Cyrus was my friend
and he accepted me, so...
He didn't accept you.
You're so pathetic!
He used you!
Shut up, both of you.
Cut him some slack, would you?
What difference does it make?
You didn't tell him, did you?
Oh, God, what?
Tell me what? What now?
About the fourth ghost.
No, don't do this.
I didn't tell him.
Don't do this.
He has a right to know!
What about the fourth ghost?
St. Luke's Hospital.
Six months ago.
You're saying my wife's spirit
is trapped in this house?
I didn't know you.
I didn't know her.
I didn't know she had a husband.
Why?
In God's name, why?
Tell me, why her?
I don't know why!
Cyrus handpicked them
all, including your wife.
When I figured out who you were,
God, I've been trying to help you.
You call this help?
She's right!
This is all your goddamn fault!
Son of a bitch!
Arthur.
You can save her
and your kids, too.
Just listen to me and believe me.
This house is not a house.
It is a machine.
It is a complete and faithful recreation
of Basileus's design.
According to this,
there should be 12 earthbound
spirits trapped inside.
See these?
They represent the Black Zodiac.
They represent the ghosts
that Cyrus needed to catch:
The Firstborn Son.
I want to play.
The Torso.
The Bound Woman.
The Withered Lover.
Jean.
Bobby.
I love you.
The Torn Prince.
The Angry Princess.
The Pilgrimess.
The Great Child and The Dire Mother.
The Hammer.
And here, the sign of
The Jackal.
And the Juggernaut.
According to Basileus, the
machine required the energy
of these specific spirits in
order to bring it to life.
Once it engages, the spirits
are released one by one.
The house then draws them to its center.
Each one adds its energy to
the machine, powering it up.
Powering it up for what?
To open the Ocularis Infernum.
The Ocularis? What's that?
It's Latin.
Ocularis.
The Eye of Hell?
Very good.
The Eye of Hell.
I'm stuck in here in a glass house
with a bunch of crazy white people.
Go on, go on.
In Hell there is an
Eye that sees everything,
the past and the future, Heaven and Earth,
the blessed and the damned.
If knowledge is power,
then the man who controls the Ocularis
would be the most powerful man on Earth.
Your uncle.
Great!
Ah.
So how many ghosts have been set free?
11.
And the house needs 12.
No.
Damon said something about 13.
That there are 13 ghosts.
The thirteenth ghost is a fail-safe.
In order to stop the process,
the house needs a sacrifice
of life instead of death.
A willing, human sacrifice.
A sacrifice of the broken heart.
The only ghost to be created
out of an act of pure love.
You're the thirteenth ghost.
The thirteenth spirit
stands before the Eye
at the final configuration.
As the Eye opens, the spirit
uses the power of life
to essentially short circuit the system.
Uses the power of life how?
By leaping into the Eye.
And Arthur's supposed to take this leap?
No fuckin' way, lady.
That's suicide, Arthur.
I'm not gonna let you do it.
You need to come with something else.
That's, mm-mm.
That's not working.
No way.
Love is the most
powerful energy, Arthur.
Meaning?
In order for you to save your children,
you'd have to trade your life for theirs.
No, no, no.
Let me see this.
No, there's got to be a better way.
I don't read Latin!
Well, we can try it
the old fashioned way,
my personal favorite.
But nobody's gonna be here
to brag about it afterwards.
Whatever we decide,
we've got to come up with
a game plan soon 'cause
time's running out.
You gonna blow the place up?
The last ghost is about to be released.
Look, I know why you feel
you have to do this, Arthur.
Get away from me.
No, psychics call it a linking.
We linked earlier.
I saw everything.
About Jean, about you.
Just shut up.
I'm not going to listen to this from you.
Kalina is talking about suicide.
Whatever I have to do to save my kids.
It doesn't add up.
It doesn't make any sense.
There's got to be a better way.
Doesn't add up?
What doesn't add up here, Dennis?
How much of this equation
makes any sense at all?
Goddamn it.
All I can think about are my kids.
I don't even know if they're alive.
Then let's go out there and find out.
One last time, while there's still time.
You and me.
Kalina, no matter what I decide to do
or what happens to any of us,
are you sure you can stop that machine?
I've got enough explosives
to blow us back to the 15th Century.
Okay.
How many flares you have left?
One. Why?
We're going out again.
Oh, no fucking way, Arthur!
You're gonna get yourself killed!
Not if we take that.
We've got about 10 minutes
until the ectoplasmic shit hits the fan.
Go, go, go.
We'll go downstairs
to try and buy you some more time.
After you, Captain America.
Damn, I just got my nails done.
Here, put these on.
Come on, let's go!
Come on!
There's no place like home.
Knock it off, Dennis.
Just keep your eyes open.
I sure as hell hope
I don't bleed to death.
'Cause that would suck.
Rotate.
Is that half the lawyer?
Here, take this.
Move it!
Oh, my God.
Come on!
He's definitely looked better.
Oh, my God.
Shit.
Girl, hurry up!
Ram him!
He's swinging for the fences!
Kalina, get over here!
This flare shit ain't working!
Hurry up!
Oh!
Where is it?
Kalina?
Why?
Why are you so mad at me?
I did everything you asked me to do.
Kalina.
I killed Damon, I stole his spells.
I even made sure your pathetic nephew
didn't get himself killed.
Kalina!
Where are the spells?
You're not mad at me, are you?
Of course not.
What is it?
Oh shit.
Dennis?
There's only room for
one of us back there.
Hey!
What the hell are you doing?
Don't worry about it, Arthur.
I've been looking for
a reason to like myself
for a long time.
Don't, Dennis, don't do this!
Hey, bro!
You ain't nothing but a bitch!
Dennis, no!
Oh, no, no!
No!
Oh, my God!
Dennis!
Ah!
No!
So what are we gonna do now?
Your nephew believes
that sacrificing himself
will save his kids.
But he won't do it unless he's convinced
his kids are in jeopardy.
Well, put them in jeopardy.
What?
Why not?
But they're kids.
Greatness requires sacrifice.
Now, I have a job to do.
And so have you.
Do it.
Do it!
Yes.
And now to finish this.
Oh, my God, Jean.
I loved you so much.
I miss you.
Miss you.
I'm nothing without you.
Jean.
No.
No, don't.
Don't go.
Fetch the book.
Cyrus!
What are you doing?
You just can't teach some people.
I thought I told you,
greatness requires sacrifice.
Kathy!
Bobby, don't look!
I don't want to look!
Kathy, I'm scared!
Hey!
Kathy!
Bobby!
Hey!
Kathy!
- Daddy!
- Dad!
Bobby!
Dad, help!
Oh, boy.
Make it stop, Dad!
Make it stop!
This house is not a house.
It is a machine
designed by the devil
and powered by the dead.
According to Basileus,
there should be 12 earthbound
spirits trapped inside.
They represent the Black Zodiac.
The represent the ghosts
that Cyrus needed to catch:
The Firstborn Son.
One.
The Torso.
Two.
The Bound Woman.
Three.
The Withered Lover.
Four.
The Torn Prince.
The Angry Princess.
The Pilgrimess.
The Great Child & the Dire Mother.
The Hammer.
The Jackal.
And The Juggernaut.
Twelve.
You're the thirteenth ghost.
If I'm the thirteenth...
You son of a bitch!
Release my kids, you bastard!
Now hear, you!
You are nothing, Arthur!
Do you hear? Nothing!
You loser!
I've dedicated my entire life to this.
Every waking moment for years.
Have you ever shown
that kind of dedication?
Have you?
The world has no time for
little people like you.
It needs people who are
willing to do anything!
Anything for greatness.
You don't have a choice this time, Arthur.
You will make that leap.
The machine requires a ghost to be created
out of an act of pure love.
That's why I chose you, nephew.
You and your pathetic family.
Make it stop, Dad!
Congratulations, you get to
become the thirteenth ghost.
Now, get on your feet.
Come on!
Ah!
What did I do?
Trust me, Arthur, it's not over yet.
You can finish this.
You still have the power in you.
It's just a matter of how you use it.
You go to your kids, they need you.
Help, Dad!
Help!
Daddy, don't!
Don't do it!
Dad!
Oh, fuck!
Okay, don't move!
Keep your heads down!
Hold on tight!
Everybody okay?
You okay?
How'd you know we'd be safe?
I didn't.
I just wasn't about to leave you guys.
I love you both so much.
Mom?
I love you guys.
I love you.
This is it for me!
I'm on the first fucking
plane back to Newark.
Uh-uh.
I am sorry, family.
Kathy, Bobby, Uncle, ghosts!
I am sick of this nanny shit, I've had it.
This was not in the job description.
I quit!
♪ "Mirror Mirror" by Rah Digga playing ♪
♪ Ha ha let's go ♪
♪ Digga Digga y'all y'all check it ♪
♪ I walk through the streets
trying to figure out why ♪
♪ I captivate people
when I don't even try ♪
♪ It's like all the things
that I took for granted ♪
♪ But now that I'm older
I surely understand it ♪
♪ Every single day trying
to carry out tasks ♪
♪ Celebrate another birthday
life's moving too fast ♪
♪ Every minute hour each day and night ♪
♪ Making sure I stay focused
and keep my mind right ♪
♪ Never knowing what drama
that life could bring ♪
♪ Inspiration to win
with every song I sing ♪
♪ Making sure that I'm
not overcome with greed ♪
♪ Got enough security for my seed ♪
♪ It go like any given
day I can take 50 grand ♪
♪ Snatch her out of school
and head to Disneyland ♪
♪ Or maybe just Toys R Us and the mall ♪
♪ Her life is straight baby
girl gon' have it all ♪
♪ Mirror mirror on the wall ♪
♪ Who gonna survive
who'll be next to fall ♪
♪ It might be today it might be tomorrow ♪
♪ So until I get the call
I'ma say I did it all ♪
♪ Mirror mirror on the wall ♪
♪ Who gonna survive
who'll be next to fall ♪
♪ It might be today it might be tomorrow ♪
♪ So until I get the call
I'ma say I did it all ♪
♪ Mom and Dad taught me
to stay out of trouble ♪
♪ But no one can prepare you
for life's inner struggles ♪
♪ The test of your courage
when you're scared to death ♪
♪ Or the test of faith when
you feel there's nothing left ♪
♪ The test of your strength when
you're making life choices ♪
♪ Swear sometimes I be
hearing strange voices ♪
♪ Following advice that
my grandma gave me ♪
♪ Crazy think I've been
seeing her lately ♪
♪ She told me nothing in life was free ♪
♪ Be nice to folks when
they not nice to me ♪
♪ To turn the other cheek
in most confrontations ♪
♪ No matter how bleak the situation ♪
♪ Cool but most things I
had to learn on my own ♪
♪ Like what I'm gon' do
by the time I got grown ♪
♪ Would have been nice to
see her baby in a movie ♪
♪ Multimedia yours truly come on ♪
♪ Mirror mirror on the wall ♪
♪ Who gonna survive
who'll be next to fall ♪
♪ It might be today it might be tomorrow ♪
♪ So until I get the call
I'ma say I did it all ♪
♪ Mirror mirror on the wall ♪
♪ Who gonna survive
who'll be next to fall ♪
♪ It might be today it might be tomorrow ♪
♪ So until I get the call
I'ma say I did it all ♪
♪ Mirror mirror on the wall ♪
♪ Who gonna survive
who'll be next to fall ♪
♪ It might be today it might be tomorrow ♪
♪ So until I get the call
I'ma say I did it all ♪
♪ The moral of the story
is who know what glory is ♪
♪ Who just idling who the real warriors ♪
♪ Who the type that make they own fate ♪
♪ Who the go-getters
who sit back and wait ♪
♪ Went from hanging on a park bench ♪
♪ To Range Rovers with dark tints ♪
♪ Five bedroom apartments ♪
♪ Never feared knew music was my calling ♪
♪ Whatever else comes Digga
Digga put her all in ♪
♪ At this point I figure any path I'm at ♪
♪ Whether sing rap act
or just fade to black ♪
♪ Now wonder why I motivate like that ♪
♪ So I can live like a baller
even if I didn't plot ♪
♪ I tell you this much
I'ma always have a plan ♪
♪ Can't leave your well being
in somebody else hands ♪
♪ The choice is yours I'ma do my bit ♪
♪ 'Cause everybody die
but not everybody lives ♪
♪ Mirror mirror on the wall ♪
♪ Who gonna survive
who'll be next to fall ♪
♪ It might be today it might be tomorrow ♪
♪ So until I get the call
I'ma say I did it all ♪
♪ Mirror mirror on the wall ♪
♪ Who gonna survive
who'll be next to fall ♪
♪ It might be today it might be tomorrow ♪
♪ So until I get the call
I'ma say I did it all ♪
♪ Mirror mirror on the wall ♪
♪ Who gonna survive
who'll be next to fall ♪
♪ It might be today it might be tomorrow ♪
♪ So until I get the call
I'ma say I did it all ♪
♪ Mirror mirror on the wall ♪
♪ Who gonna survive
who'll be next to fall ♪
♪ It might be today it might be tomorrow ♪
♪ So until I get the call
I'ma say I did it all ♪